README.md, before:

# Room Usage Dashboard

Tells you what's going on in which rooms and when.

## Defining Rooms & Dashboards

### Rooms

New rooms are defined in the `ROOMS` hash as instances of `Room`. You'll need
their Google Calendar identifier, which you can find in the calendar's settings
page.

Give each item in the hash a useful name – you'll need to refer to this when
configuring boards.

### Boards

`BOARDS` is a hash of hashes, each hash defining the behaviour of that
particular dashboard.

* `:name` is a the title of the board. It's only displayed as the page title,
  not on the board itself.
* `:rooms` is an array of room objects you want to know about (displayed left to
  right on the board).
* `:show_clock` toggles the clock in the top right hand corner of the board.

New boards become accessible automatically at `/boards/{name}`.

## Getting Started

 - [Request a client ID and secret from Google](https://developers.google.com/calendar/quickstart/ruby),
    by clicking 'ENABLE THE GOOGLE CALENDAR API' and save them into `.env`.

     ```
     GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID=…
     GOOGLE_CLIENT_SECRET=…
     ```

    If you change your credentials you'll need to remove the `token.yaml` file
    to get the app to reauthorise
 - On the first run, the app needs to get permission to fetch the calendars as a
     user. The console will display a URL that you need to visit in your
     browser, after you authorise the request, you'll be given a token. Copy and
     paste this into the console and press enter
 - You can run the app locally with `docker-compose up`
 - Visit the dashboard at http://localhost:9292/

## Building the CSS

The SASS files aren't automatically compiled down to CSS. You can do this
manually with:

`sass --style=compressed public/stylesheets/sass/styles.scss public/stylesheets/styles.css`

Commit message:

Rooms are now defined in JSON
We have chosen to replicate the flat structure of the original,
so that rooms can be grouped arbitrarily into different boards in the future.

Co-authored-by: jacksonj04 <nick@dxw.com>

README.md, after:

# Room Usage Dashboard

Tells you what's going on in which rooms and when.

## Defining Rooms & Dashboards

### Rooms

Rooms and their associated calendars are defined in `rooms.json`. You'll need
their Google Calendar identifier, which you can find in the calendar's settings
page.

Give each item in the hash a useful name – you'll need to refer to this when
configuring boards.

### Boards

`BOARDS` is a hash of hashes, each hash defining the behaviour of that
particular dashboard.

* `:name` is a the title of the board. It's only displayed as the page title,
  not on the board itself.
* `:rooms` is an array of room objects you want to know about (displayed left to
  right on the board).
* `:show_clock` toggles the clock in the top right hand corner of the board.

New boards become accessible automatically at `/boards/{name}`.

## Getting Started

 - [Request a client ID and secret from Google](https://developers.google.com/calendar/quickstart/ruby),
    by clicking 'ENABLE THE GOOGLE CALENDAR API' and save them into `.env`.

     ```
     GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID=…
     GOOGLE_CLIENT_SECRET=…
     ```

    If you change your credentials you'll need to remove the `token.yaml` file
    to get the app to reauthorise
 - On the first run, the app needs to get permission to fetch the calendars as a
     user. The console will display a URL that you need to visit in your
     browser, after you authorise the request, you'll be given a token. Copy and
     paste this into the console and press enter
 - You can run the app locally with `docker-compose up`
 - Visit the dashboard at http://localhost:9292/

## Building the CSS

The SASS files aren't automatically compiled down to CSS. You can do this
manually with:

`sass --style=compressed public/stylesheets/sass/styles.scss public/stylesheets/styles.css`
